Steps to use Ansible to connect to Checkpoint servers.
1)Create 3 or 4 virtual machines in VM Ware. Prefer Centos.
2)Make a Internal connection between them and try to ping to check the connection status among them.
3)Then make superuser in all the nodes and download Ansible using apt codes.
4)We then make a ssh connection among all the nodes so ansible communication is possible.
5)The next step is to replace contollable nodes with CentOS servers.
6)Then after succesful command using with the server replace them with the Checkpoint Servers.

We need to establish connection between the three nodes by making the NAT network among each node and host network.
1. This will let us use the internet connection used by the host to VM'S.
2. Initially we have single adaptor using NAT for each node.
3. Then in the Global tools we enable the new adaptor mode.
4. Then we look through the Ip address in it.
5. We can connect the guest device to our host devices directly if they are same operating system.
6. But if they are different we use applications like putty in windows.
7. The connection between host and guest is preffered to be ssh.

To enable root user or Superuser in centos:
We get an option during preinstallation to set the root password.
But if it is not done, we can change it later.
$ sudo passwd root
[sudo] password for ramesh:
Enter new UNIX password:
Retype new UNIX password:
passwd: password updated successfully

We use yum repositories in centos and Red hat Enterprises Linux(RHEL).
There are several codes we use to install and uptade in CentOS. To do so we use the following codes.

The unique problem is there is a chance that the system doesn't allow the Nat network in your system.
For this we can change it to bridge network in the system setting or in Vm ware.
Then we can assign the ip according to the system ip network so the virtual machine is in same network.
Then it is possible for us to connect to the internet.

The ip address to the host system venkat is 192.168.2.58. The network name is ens33.
This network provides us the internet the host uses.
 
To understand how the network types work in Vm Ware there is link:
https://pubs.vmware.com/workstation-9/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.vmware.ws.using.doc%2FGUID-3B504F2F-7A0B-415F-AE01-62363A95D052.html

Now by using NAT and bridge type connection we can use network shared by the host machine.
Unlike Virtualbox application where the internet is available in Nat only.